pull_request_template.md, before:

## Publishing Checklist

I confirm the following:

- [ ] My open data feeds conform to one of the permissable combinations specified in https://developer.openactive.io/publishing-data/data-feeds/types-of-feed
- [ ] My open data feeds all pass the OpenActive Validator's model validation (https://validator.openactive.io/)
- [ ] My open data feeds all pass the OpenActive Validator's RPDE feed validation (https://validator.openactive.io/rpde)
- [ ] My open data feeds include activity list references as specified in https://developer.openactive.io/publishing-data/activity-list-references
- [ ] My dataset site(s) each reference a GitHub Issues Board

## Maintenance Checklist

Our organisation is committed to:

- [ ] Ensuring activity providers are aware of the OpenActive initiative on an ongoing basis
- [ ] Providing high quality opportunity data that meets user needs, as specified in [OpenActive's Data Quality reporting framework](https://developer.openactive.io/publishing-data/data-quality)
- [ ] Resolving issues that are raised on the GitHub Issues Board(s)

Commit message:

fix: Add timezone to publishing checklist

pull_request_template.md, after:

## Publishing Checklist

I confirm the following:

- [ ] My open data feeds conform to one of the permissable combinations specified in https://developer.openactive.io/publishing-data/data-feeds/types-of-feed
- [ ] My open data feeds all pass the OpenActive Validator's model validation (https://validator.openactive.io/)
- [ ] My open data feeds all pass the OpenActive Validator's RPDE feed validation (https://validator.openactive.io/rpde)
- [ ] My open data feeds include activity list references as specified in https://developer.openactive.io/publishing-data/activity-list-references
- [ ] My dataset site(s) each reference a GitHub Issues Board
- [ ] I have checked that the times in the feed `startDate` and `endDate` match the times on the website referenced by the `url`, and can confirm that there are no timezone issues

## Maintenance Checklist

Our organisation is committed to:

- [ ] Ensuring activity providers are aware of the OpenActive initiative on an ongoing basis
- [ ] Providing high quality opportunity data that meets user needs, as specified in [OpenActive's Data Quality reporting framework](https://developer.openactive.io/publishing-data/data-quality)
- [ ] Resolving issues that are raised on the GitHub Issues Board(s)
